2023.10.0 release branch (#4428)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/brands/index.md

### Branding and the Sign-In Widget (third generation)

> The third generation of the Okta Sign-In Widget doesn’t guarantee the stability of CSS selectors. Instead, customization in the third generation gets better support through design tokens. See [Style the Sign-In Widget (third generation)](/docs/guides/custom-widget-gen3/).

Author: ```suggestion
The third generation of the Okta Sign-In Widget doesn’t guarantee the stability of CSS selectors. Instead, customization in the third generation gets better support through branding. See [Style the Sign-In Widget (third generation)](/docs/guides/custom-widget-gen3/).
```
